New FAQs (#268)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

- You are now synchronized, and can use both devices for
  sending and receiving E2E-encrypted messages with your communication partners. 

### Are there any plans for introducing a Delta Chat Web Client?

- There are no immediate plans but some preliminary thoughts.
- There are two avenues for introducing web delta chat, but both are
  significant work. For now, we focus on getting stable releases into all
  appstores (Google Play/iOS/Windows/macOS/Linux repositories) as native apps.

> 

Reviewer: if this is really an faq, i would also point to the independent desktop client as a possible solution here. this is sth. delta can do - what eg. whatsapp cannot.

- You are now synchronized, and can use both devices for
  sending and receiving E2E-encrypted messages with your communication partners. 

### Are there any plans for introducing a Delta Chat Web Client?

- There are no immediate plans but some preliminary thoughts.

> - There are two avenues for introducing a Delta Chat Web Client, but both are

Reviewer 2: 2-3 different avenues 

(since today) :)

### I'm interested in the technical details. Can you tell me more?

- See [Standards used in Delta Chat]({% include standards-url %}).

### Is there a "Don't Disturb Me" mode, where I don't get new messages?

If you don't want to be reachable for a while, you can disable "Watch Inbox
folder" in the settings. This way, Delta Chat doesn't receive new messages
until you re-enable the option again.

If you want Delta Chat to consume no bandwidth at all, you need to disable all

> "watch folder"-settings.

Reviewer 3: I don't agree with making this hack official as it could introduce many problems

Reviewer: i would also not recommend these settings for being switched on and off officially. they are also too hidden and more advanced settings in a section that is not for everyday-usage.

you can disable notifications if you do not want to being disturbed (however, most ppl will just silence their phone)

and if you want to save traffic, you can "kill" the app. but this is also nothing for an "official" help.

Reviewer 4: On the assumption the user set up another folder to watch, avoiding a specific one, or fewer than all isn't going to help(?)

  see [Provider Overview](https://providers.delta.chat)

### If Delta Chat uses E-Mail, is it really an _Instant_ Messenger?

- Generally, E-Mail packets travel as fast as anything else on the Internet. So

>   the transmission itself is as instant as it can be - a few seconds at most.

Reviewer: maybe add the word "chatting" here - sth, as "So chatting itself is as instant as it can be  - a few seconds at most". this would be a bit less abstract.

  see [Provider Overview](https://providers.delta.chat)

### If Delta Chat uses E-Mail, is it really an _Instant_ Messenger?

- Generally, E-Mail packets travel as fast as anything else on the Internet. So

>   chatting itself is as instant as it can be - a few seconds at most.

Reviewer 2: That's maybe a bit bold.  Rather: 

Sending and receiving messages takes a few seconds, typically.  Sometimes there are cases where it takes longer but that is arguably true as well for any other messenger.

> - There is another issue that can delay message deliverly though: receiving

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There is an issue that can delay message delivery, though: receiving
```

  messages in the background. For privacy reasons, Delta Chat doesn't use
  Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) or the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS).
- On Android, this is usually not a problem, if you allow Delta Chat to run in
  the background. On iOS that's unfortunately less reliable. On Desktop, it's
  no problem at all.
- That Android and iOS kill apps running in the background is a general problem
  of many apps. For more information, see

>   [dontkillmyapp.com](https://dontkillmyapp.com/).

Reviewer 2: suggestion: 

Instant chatting works fast if both parties are actively using the app. It's sometimes slower if the app is running in background. Receiving messages then can take minutes because both Android and iOS often stop Delta Chat from running in the background, and only wake it up occassionally.  This artifical delay is usually worse on iOS than on Android. Note that Delta Chat doesn't use Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) or the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS), because this leads to user tracking and central control which Delta Chat aims to avoid as much as feasible.  

However, that Android and iOS kill apps running in the background is a problem for many legitimate apps. For more information, see [dontkillmyapp.com](https://dontkillmyapp.com/).

### Is Delta Chat compatible with Protonmail / Tutanota / Criptext?

- Yes and No.
- No, you can not use your Protonmail, Tutanota, or Criptext account with Delta
  Chat; they do not offer receiving mails via IMAP.
- In any case you can use Delta Chat to send Messages to people who use
  Protonmail, Tutanota, or Criptext. Those messages will not be End-to-End
  encrypted, though. The End-to-End encryption those providers offer is only
  working inside their platforms, and not compatible with anyone outside.

> - Tutanota has Autocrypt support [on their

Reviewer: i would not add deep links to some hard to understand discussions to the official-faq. remember: the official-faq is for the non-nerd-end-user (parents etc :) and i do not think this link is helpful for them.

maybe we can mention the Tutanota-plans - but i've not even found sth. about this on _their_ official pages, so i am not sure how useful this is.

Reviewer 2: additionally it's not clear how much of a commitment this issue is.  I am also for striking the last sentence with the link and say instead: 

Delta Chat can e2e-encrypt through any e-mail provider with any [https://autocrypt.org/dev-status.html](Autocrypt-enabled e-mail app).

  [dontkillmyapp.com](https://dontkillmyapp.com/).

### Is Delta Chat compatible with Protonmail / Tutanota / Criptext?

- Yes and No. 
- Yes, you can use Delta Chat to send E-Mails to people who use Protonmail,
  Tutanota, or Criptext.
- No, you can not use your Tutanota or Criptext account with Delta Chat; they
  do not offer receiving mails via IMAP.

> - You can use Protonmail with Delta Chat if you use their [IMAP

Reviewer: not sure, however, i think even the bridge has issues (cc @pabzm ) - so maybe it is better to say just "no".
